integer to integer: true
integer to symbol: true
integer to string: true
integer to double: true
integer to boolean: true
integer to class: false
integer to array: false
integer to hashtable: false
integer to stream: false
integer to function: false
symbol to integer: true
symbol to symbol: true
symbol to string: true
symbol to double: true
symbol to boolean: true
symbol to class: false
symbol to array: false
symbol to hashtable: false
symbol to stream: false
symbol to function: false
string to integer: false
string to symbol: false
string to string: true
string to double: false
string to boolean: false
string to class: false
string to array: false
string to hashtable: false
string to stream: false
string to function: false
double to integer: true
double to symbol: false
double to string: true
double to double: true
double to boolean: true
double to class: false
double to array: false
double to hashtable: false
double to stream: false
double to function: false
boolean to integer: true
boolean to symbol: false
boolean to string: true
boolean to double: true
boolean to boolean: true
boolean to class: false
boolean to array: false
boolean to hashtable: false
boolean to stream: false
boolean to function: false
class to integer: false
class to symbol: false
class to string: true
class to double: false
class to boolean: false
class to class: true
class to array: false
class to hashtable: false
class to stream: false
class to function: false
object to integer: false
object to symbol: false
object to string: true
object to double: false
object to boolean: false
object to class: true
object to array: false
object to hashtable: false
object to stream: false
object to function: false
array to integer: false
array to symbol: false
array to string: true
array to double: false
array to boolean: false
array to class: false
array to array: true
array to hashtable: false
array to stream: false
array to function: false
hashtable to integer: false
hashtable to symbol: false
hashtable to string: true
hashtable to double: false
hashtable to boolean: false
hashtable to class: false
hashtable to array: false
hashtable to hashtable: true
hashtable to stream: false
hashtable to function: false
stream to integer: false
stream to symbol: false
stream to string: false
stream to double: false
stream to boolean: false
stream to class: false
stream to array: false
stream to hashtable: false
stream to stream: true
stream to function: false
function to integer: false
function to symbol: false
function to string: false
function to double: false
function to boolean: false
function to class: false
function to array: false
function to hashtable: false
function to stream: false
function to function: true
